update Digital Ocean Apps documentation (#232)
paralect/ship: docs/deployment/digital-ocean-apps.mdx

After cluster creation, you'll need to set up security. Select the authentication type (username and password) and create a user.

> P.S. - Please note that the generated password starts with a letter, if not, regenerate the password. (otherwise, DigitalOcean can incorrectly parse mongoURI)

Reviewer: let's use [Callout Boxes](https://mintlify.com/docs/content/components/callouts)
I think, Warning Callout is more suitable here

```suggestion
<Warning>
Please be aware that the initial character of the generated password should be a letter. If it isn't, you'll need to create a new password. 
Failing to do this may lead to DigitalOcean parsing the `MONGO_URI` variable incorrectly.
</Warning>
```

### Initial step

> 1. Select GitHub as a service provider. You might need to grant Digital Ocean access to your GitHub account/organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select GitHub as a service provider. You might need to grant Digital Ocean access to your GitHub account or organization.
```

These actions require a Digital Ocean access token and application ID. Respectively these are `DO_ACCESS_TOKEN` and `DO_API_STAGING_APP_ID`/`DO_WEB_STAGING_APP_ID`/`DO_API_PRODUCTION_APP_ID`/`DO_WEB_PRODUCTION_APP_ID`.

Navigate to digital ocean and open the **API** tab on the left sidebar.

> Click **Generate new token** and choose name and expiration period also choose read and write options for scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Generate new token**, select a name and set the expiration period.
Also, pick both **read** and **write** permissions for the scope.
```
